docs: improve Restoring a Bareos Server section (#1878)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/Appendix/DisasterRecoveryUsingBareos.rst

-  If you have a valid saved Bootstrap file as created for your damaged machine with WriteBootstrap, use it to restore the files to the damaged machine, where you have loaded a static Bareos File daemon using the Rescue disk). This is done by using the restore command and at the yes/mod/no prompt, selecting mod then specifying the path to the bootstrap file.

> -  After the Catalog is restored, it should be located in (:file:`./var/lib/bareos/bareos.sql`) relative to the restore location. After stopping the bareos-dir service, his file then needs to be loaded into the PostgreSQL database. (For example by running ``sudo -u bareos psql bareos bareos -f /var/lib/bareos/bareos.sql``)

Reviewer: I would slightly fix the comment by this formulation.

```suggestion
-  After the Catalog is restored, it should be located in (:file:`./var/lib/bareos/bareos.sql`) relative to the restore location. After stopping the bareos-dir service, this file then needs to be loaded into the PostgreSQL database. (For example by running ``sudo -u bareos psql bareos bareos -f ./var/lib/bareos/bareos.sql`` or ```su postgres -c "psql bareos -f ./var/lib/bareos/bareos.sql``)
```
